welcome to today's feast i am your host
John Slade and let's kick things off
today with the CP 37 in the new landing
colorway keeping with the landing theme
that will hit the air jordan 5 this
weekend a similar color way seems to be
hitting Chris Paul's latest signature
shoe instead of the mostly white up for
the CP 37 goals with the bar scene royal
adding the varsity maize and black as
accents as of now there is no release
date but you can't expect the price to
be a one hundred and thirty dollars when
they are announced new balance is
looking to up their runner game this
fall season with the announcement of the
576 camo pack the pack includes an
orange and a red base camel that
highlights the toe heel ankle and the
tongue the uppers laced with premium
suede and the pairs are available in
either olive an orange or grey and red
both pairs are available now at pack our
shoes for 160 dollars Vance is keeping
you California fresh for the winter
months with a new capsule collection
from OTW called the palm camo pack the
collection includes the alomar in two
colorways one gray leather with the camo
print over the tongue and liner and the
second pair with a tan and black upper
introduced via the palm camo print to
complete the pack OTW has included a
pocket tee with the camo print as well
all fear these items are available now
at Vance calm nike basketball lebron
james continue nike basketball and
lebron james continue to make waves with
the lebron 11 and the latest colorway to
hit the web is the miami vs akron
inspired by the bronze current home in
miami and his hometown of Akron the
model has a mix of green and blue over
the hyperfuse and the hyperposite with
orange accents on the liner and the
outline of the swoosh to me it
definitely looks more Miami than Akron
but we'll see what nike says when they
give their official word with that being
said there is no official information on
this you quite yet but make sure you
stay tuned and I will let you know as
soon as I find out more information and
around things up today Jordan Brand
except the web on fire with a new air
jordan 11 PE for Ray Allen made to
celebrate his second ring the shoe is
dressed in red white and metallic gold
the shoe honors race 2008 win as well
with both 2008 and 2013 on the reverse
of the tongue his number 34 sits on the
heel and gold stitching which is perfect
to offset the red jump man which is
right next to it the front of the tongue
features raised logo in the mid-foot
tongue features a ring symbol as well as
sugar ray and 2013 champ like Ray's 2008
pair these will not be making their way
to the public but we would like to give
a head nod to jordan brand for such a
great execution and also give a
congratulations to Ray Allen for his
second NBA championship well that's
gonna do it for today I wanted to keep
the show short because it is in da day
and I don't want to miss the games just
like you don't want to miss the game so
with that said make sure you like
favorite and subscribe that way you know
when something awesome is happening here
on the channel and also visit the links
down in the description for the full
stories of everything that I talked
about today i am your host jacques slave
this is today it sneaks and i will see
you soon please